I will reform is unlimited for you today
on the dyno stage we have to have our
427 winter combo beautiful motor give
you a little bit about the build spec we
start out with a dark racing walk
getting Eagle Ford for hitting assembly
it's got a comp cams hydraulic roller
camshaft this one features the rock
Victor junior cylinder heads make your
junior intake manifold get the stainless
steel roller rockers this custom rabbit
I choose to do the upgrade of the MSD
atomic EFI which is a very nice choice
this thing is nice and powerful a very
responsive with this system on there is
anything we can help you with as far as
this motor or any of our other packages
feel free to give us a call at